---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Part 1: The Code of Conduct is a solid foundation for community etiquette. It acknowledges that conflict can be inevitable especially with bigger communities, and therefore is supposed to be used as a way to ensure respect is always given. In the event that anything is violated, it also provides a medium to alert of any violations, making community members feel safer. 

This does seem beneficial for other projects as it makes it highly clear that above all, respect must be fiven in a community that requires such large scale of communication.

The Go project includes its own section on conflict resolution unlike the Contributor Convenant. While CC does briefly mention the difference between constructive criticism and hatred, the Go project elaborates on this. This could be because they acknowledge the difficulties that come with disagreements in an open source community, and seek to emphasize that it is different from unacceptable behavior listed. The Go project also added in the explicit goals of its Code of Conduct. It seems to highlight the parts of its conduct that were implemented specifically for Go. For example, one of the goals emphasizes healthy debate, which is elaborated on in the previously mentioned section.


(https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php) - Eclipse's Code of Conduct has extra sections emphasizing action and investigation against all violations, including false accusations. It also highlights that the code is subject to change. As a bigger community, it makes sense for Eclipse to have bigger potential violations; so, of course, over time Eclipse has amended its code with standard procedure for their investigations.   

Part 2: 
The Sugar Labs Code of Conduct is based on the Ubuntu Code of Conduct. It seems to include more emphasis on delegation/authority in terms of how hierarchies may work; it even specifies instances of a step down in authority, making sure to emphasize that leaving the community when necessary is not frowned upon and must be understood. 

Part 3: 
(https://exercism.org/docs/using/legal/code-of-conduct) - Exercism's Code of Conduct is derived from Front End London Slack (https://github.com/frontendlondon-slack/Code-Of-Conduct). As a document, it is shorter and more bullet point heavy than Ubuntu and CC derived codes. This could be to encourage reading the code, but Exercism include's its own "The simple version" section, made to summarize rules of etiquette. Besides that, Exercism does not delve into specifics regarding decisions or healthy disagreements unlike Eclipse and Sugar Lab's codes.

