---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---
### pull = fetch + merge:###
This week my browser extension team met up and worked alongside each other. I also usually just default to git pull but I did notice that I would continuously git pull and git push and be met with merge conflict errors. It took some getting used to especially since prior to this I’ve only simultaneously worked with one other programmer on the same repository. Looking back, if I had remembered to separate the commands then the split (read: miniscule) second of panic I had would not be a thing. 

### Haha, dont rm rf * you’re so sexy: ###
I actively avoid the rm command just because I’m always paranoid about deleting something very big. I just always assumed that if I accidentally deleted something, my chances of recovering it were nil.  

### Jellyfin:###
A free server to store and stream self-owned media. Their documentation was so robust that it was almost overwhelming. It is definitely made apparent that this is a project forever meant to be free and accessible. An interesting component was rather than simply including the link to their Github, they offer a questionnaire and depending on your answers will provide the repo. I assume this was mainly due to the various different repositories they have for plug-ins, servers, clients, etc. A quick look at the issues log indicates that participation and communication is consistent, averaging a new commit multiple times a week with multiple comments. Personally, I wouldn’t look to Jellyfin as someone just dipping their toes in OSSD. While their instructions are extensive, it seems a little overwhelming and would probably be best for someone who is an active user of the service. 

### Going Forward###
I have been browsing through repos I mentioned in my [prior](LINK TO PRIOR WEEK POST) post, especially through their issue lists. Something that stuck out to me was the Exercism team’s note of repos that have “easy first issue” tags, especially since it is often hard to figure out the complexity of an issue before it is properly fixed. Rather than basing possible PRs on the tags, I want to look closely at how often I see consistent communication under tickets in case I ever need to ask for further insight about a bug. 
